{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Origins}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first tribes of humans that walked the earth in prehistoric times often fought, over territories, hunting grounds etc, even among themselves when time were harsh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In one of those tribes lived two brothers (Cain and Abel), and during a period of famine they fought over whatever food they had left for their own survival.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of them was killed in the scuffle but a demon that passed by took interest in the conflict. He offered the dying human a unique possibilities. A contract, a deal, that would bring him back from the dead but with consequences.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Abel seized this last chance, not caring that the demon never mentioned a price.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He woke up with no heartbeat, no breath, and an unending thirst for blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He lived first for years, hidden away in fear of what he became, committing murders or massacre on whoever or whatever crossed his path.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He eventually learned (alone) to control himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Years more he meddled with humans alone, and finally succumbed to the temptation of having another like him to alleviate loneliness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He created himself a mate, then a son\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He kept a tight leash on them, until a fight had them separate. They created more, and so did he, keeping to the rule of being hidden, trying to remain a secret, and peaceful (as much as could be) race.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nowadays about 0.0001% of the world population belong to them (about seven thousands people) and they keep their number stable.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Social Organization}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vampires have a very strict if very simple social structure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They belong to and depend of the vampire who made them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Newly created Vampires nowadays are considered ruffian, of low \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93birth\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The older a vampire is, the more power and rank they gives to their \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93children\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They call their ranks \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sons\u8221\'94, \u8220\'93Daughters\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93Generations\u8221\'94 (Abel is the first Generation, the Father. The \u8220\'93First sons\u8221\'94 are by extension \u8220\'93Second Generation\u8221\'94)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A vampire can command and order any other vampire below them, and lower ranked vampires are often used as body guards, hunters, domestics, by higher ranked}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A vampire can challenge their \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93sire\u8221\'94 in a fight which must happen with witnesses. The rules and wager of the fight must be defined in front of the same witnesses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Very often it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a fight to the death and by removing their \u8220\'93Sire\u8221\'94 the vampire (and all others of their rank) climb up a \u8220\'93Generation\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Creation}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Creating a vampire is a painful process on both the vampire and the being that turns.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The vampire must first drink the blood of their victim until they are nearing death. Until that is done, not a drop of vampire blood must enter their body, else the process can be unstable and has greater chances to fail.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once the victim is nearly dead, the vampire must feed their own blood back (which imply being well fed in the first place) to them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the victim has absorbed enough blood (the eyes are the first to change, and used to recognize the start of the transformation) the vampire need to finish them off and drink all the life they have left}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The human body has a very small chance of rejecting the transformation and dying for real (around 0.001%)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The whole thing doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t necessarily take long, but it\u8217\'92s exhausting on both side.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If the victim has already consumed vampire blood in the last forty-eight hours, there is a risk of instability in his body, which increase the chances of reject. The more blood consumed and the more recent it was, the more risk there is.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Feeding habits}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vampires need blood to live. Human blood isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a must and all bloods give off different amount of energy but it\u8217\'92s mostly simply a matter of ease. There is many more humans on the planet than anything else, it\u8217\'92s easier to go after them (easy preys) and drinking can be coupled with other activities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sensation of power held over another sentient specie is also a great appeal to vampires}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They feed thanks to their fangs (a deformation of their canine) by biting deeply enough any point on their victim. Once the wound is open, they simply suck the life liquid and drink it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bite is usually painful (as bites tend to be) unless the vampire apply his own blood on it. The \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93vampire contaminant\u8221\'94 of it induce a \u8220\'93high\u8221\'94 in the victim, act as a slight anesthetic, and a strong aphrodisiac/relaxing/happy drug and help close the wound.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}