{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Origins}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Origins of the first demons are rather vague and few, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s often mentioned that they came to be from drop of darkness fallen in hellfire in a plain where time was out of sync. As poetic as this is, the more realistic explanation is that indeed a drop of pure liquid void fell into a flame and the resulting explosion deformed and contaminated other creatures around it and the world itself. The demon realm thus became a plane all on its own but dependent of the main world and closely linked to it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Sub-Races}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Demons is the main denomination, but among themselves they have many sub-races (incubus/succubus, imps, etc)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every demon when they come into existence, see a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93birthmark\u8221\'94 appear somewhere on their skin. It\u8217\'92s a brand and it indicate their sub-race. The mark is a circle, broken in seven pieces, with a flame in the middle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Each segment correspond to a sub-race, and one (or more) of them will take a triangle shape, indicating the demon sub-race.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pure-blooded normally have all the triangles-segments, making nearly all noble demons think they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re a separate race.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Opposite to them, contracted have no triangle. And the same thinking applies.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Social Organization}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Demons are organized depending on their age, and their bloodline. Since a diluted bloodline means diluted powers they attach a lot of importance to their parentage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Their society is a monarchy in name, a tyranny in facts. The king/queen is the from the oldest and purest family of demons that exist, and S/he is sitting on the throne only as long as her/is siblings or children don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t forcefully get her/im off it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The court is composed of all the other families and often the theater of tragedies and betrayals aplenty. Nobles are not required to work, but it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s very encouraged to get into contract with humans to obtain their life force and increase their energy and their strength.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Demons born from a contract (and so who were humans) are the lowest of the low. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re considered the property of their contractor. (slavery)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Creation}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A demon can be created by three different manners:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \li720\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A drop of darkness fallen in hellfire. As the old poesy goes, a demon can spontaneously come into existence if a drop of liquid void come into contact with hellfire and mix in a stable manner. (very very rare. The rest of the time such reaction is more along the lines of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Boom\u8221\'94)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Procreation. A male and female (as a general rules, demons can be bi-gendered or switch physically) get together and get a baby demon. Nothing too complicated}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Contract. A human who make a deal with a demon and at the end of their deal, their soul is twisted into a weakened, very diluted version of the demon that contracted them.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}