{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Origins}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Origins are slightly blurred but much more certain than demons. Kept either by mouth-to-ear or by paintings and poetry, elves know for almost certain they they are of celestial ascent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Probably from a fallen angel, whom used his magic to influence plant lives. It is unknown if the process turned against them and thus they became an elf, or if it was their choice, but all angelic abilities were lost in the process and instead elves developed a unique relation to plants.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Social Organization}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elves are organized by forests and continents with one ruling family and a council. The ruling family serve as figurehead, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re the one with the most powerful magic, best behaved children, most hoarded knowledge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elves consider tradition as very important, respect to the elders, and to the plants around them. All life is sacred but not all lives are equals in their eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the other hand, they have no tradition concerning love, partners, or physical appearance. They consider that beauty must be found and appreciated and consider that someone unable to do so is ill educated or of poor birth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Children are considered as such until they are capable of commanding an elder tree, which is a tree aged of more than three centuries.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Until then they are under their families responsibilities and theirs to educate. Physical punishment is uncommon but humiliation is considered a fair teacher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In Europe the ruling family is from Emerely, and their leader is Eldiarion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Magic and Beliefs}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elves are almost all inherently linked to plants and able to use and command them. Offering energy in exchange for whatever service they need.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They can also learn other types of magic beside, though not all of them bother.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elves have developed a sort of religion/philosophy, based on honoring older trees and praying to them so the forest can hear their wishes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They have very little regard for other kinds who dismiss plants, and consider humans inferior beings for the way they treat their world. Mingling with them is seen as dangerous and disgusting.}}