{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Description}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Situated between Pigalle and Montmartre, in a small badly lit street.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The street looks often dirty and unsafe though you will never find anyone lingering inside. No beggar, no homeless, no whore. And the smell from it is that of old stone, a bit of mold and heavy dust.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bar is signaled by a small sign, hanging above a normal looking door (metal, no handle). You have to know it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the right place, to be able to find it. The street-door is never locked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Behind it, a square spiraling staircase lead down below street level into the bottom of the hill of Montmartre.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the bottom, a richly ornate wooden door surrounded by two bas-relief depicting ethereal figures.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This door can be locked and is closed when the bar isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t open for business.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Behind the door, the reception room give the tone: deep red, drapes and luxurious plushy carpet. On the wall a dark wooden cabinet is used for the clients to put their belongings (cloak etc). Those can be locked with a key.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Past that, a short hallway lead to the main room. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a deep and wide space, with a high ceiling, decorated to give out an idea of luxury and riches, as well as warmth and life.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Expensive paintings hung on the wall, there are cushioned chairs and sofas, with many cushions, the carpet extending from the reception room, and the wall are covered in a soothing red-wine wallpaper with filigree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The light come from several chandeliers on the ceiling and standing candlesticks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the left side (from the door) the bar, looking straight out of a renaissance castle, with a black and gold marble top.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are an impressive collection of bottles behind it, numbered and tagged for easy access. A small side door, hidden behind a curtain, allow access to the cellar and a small kitchen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the far wall, behind a draping, the door leading to the private rooms. The first half of such is for the clients. Four rooms, all identical, with a king-sized bed, red velvet drapes and the same wall paper and carpeting as the main room.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A secret door in the furthest corner from the door, lead to the host boys private quarters. Their rooms, which are decorated depending on their preferences of the moment}}