{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Origins}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A long time ago, before cities and before town even existed, humans were already selling their souls to demons for gain. One of them exchanged his soul against the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93strength of wolves\u8221\'94. When came the time to pay, he tried to trick the demon into leaving him be. He managed to make it so no demons could steal his soul from him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Peace was his for a little while then the demon came back with a revenge. Since he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take the soul, he instead twisted the contract so that gaining the strength of the wolf would turn into being the wolf.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The curse soak up moonlight whenever there is contact between said light and the cursed. With enough moonlight the transformation is triggered and the werewolf turn into their wolf form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The transformation, once started, cannot be canceled or avoided, or controlled. The human mind turn animalistic though it retain partial intelligence. Once the transformation is done, time and lack of moonlight will trigger the reverse process.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Social Organization}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Werewolves are organized in packs, the Alphas being the strongest and most cunning wolves, as well as often the one who turned the others. Whenever the pack has a gathering, the Alpha will be the one to have the best food, best place to rest, and first attempt at getting on with the females or males of the pack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once the Alpha deems he had enough food, drink, rest, and flirting, the others are allowed access to those things}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Females and Males are seen as equals, since the superiority of a member of the pack is determined by their ability to beat down the others.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Werewolves are sensitive to seasons as they can come down with \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93heat\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93mating periods\u8221\'94. They will be more aggressive, more pressing for intercourse during that time. The pack tend to make sure members in mating will stay with the pack so they don\u8217\'92t risk forcing anyone that wouldn\u8217\'92t be able to fight back, into anything (as it happened in the past and punishment had to be met out and nobody was happy about that)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Creation}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Werewolves can be made, by biting and infecting a human with the curse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Or they can be born (male + female = baby wolf). If born, it can be from two werewolves parents, or only one. The baby purity (and strength) will depend of this.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A bitten were will be weaker than a born werewolf and very rarely get to be alpha of a pack. The less mingling with humans or with bitten there is in a bloodline, the stronger the newborn were will be.}}