{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One week later, on Monday, Fel grumbled as she heard the long high pitched whine of her alarm clock and she reached a hand from the cocoon of blankets to try and make it stop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fumbling around without reaching it, she peeked out from her bed, hair a mess, tired still from the two days long convention fun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It had been an amazing time, the cosplay had been a success, and over all, the girls and her had way too much fun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The problem was the downfall, on a school day.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally finding her alarm, Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 pushed the button to turn it off, and gave a quick glance to the small screen. Slumping back in bed for a second before suddenly springing up, remembering the day and seeing how late she was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Throwing off her pajamas, pulling on the first jeans and t-shirt she could find in her wardrobe, she ran out the door with a toast in hand and her bag half-slung on her shoulder.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She reached the school just as the guardian started to close the fence, and managed to get to her classroom before the teacher. Falling at her desk, she sat down, trying to get her breathing back under control.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She waved at Lois and Lucia, and turned to Julie as her friend leaned toward her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone forgot to get up?\u8221\'94 Julie teased with a grin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 waved her off with a fake-glare, the effect being broken by her still ragged breathing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Their advanced math teacher choose that moment to come in and all the students straightened on their seat, before standing up in greetings until they were waved back down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello class. I hope you remembered to work a bit for today\u8217\'92s test.\u8221\'94 He announced, earning a wave of discontent whispering.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know, I know, I\u8217\'92m a terrible tyrant of a teacher. Now take a blank paper, I want to see nothing else than a pen and your calculator. I will pass along to give you the subject.\u8221\'94 He started doing so while finishing to speak. \u8220\'93I shouldn\u8217\'92t need to remind you all, but I\u8217\'92ll still do so, that anyone I catch looking sideway will get a zero and a disciplinary warning.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 blanket him out as he returned to his desk, and she stared at the test subject in horror. She had completely forgotten about this!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With the convention, the cosplay making and the nightmares she started to have from all the diminished sleep and augmented stress\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 She had no idea what this was about\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Taking a deep breath and hoping for something easy, she opened the subject and read the first question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then cursed vitriolic and creatively. She was doomed\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Half an hour and half a page of desperate scribbling later, Fel, as well as all the other students, looking up as someone knocked on the door, and came in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Dean of the science department looked at them all from behind his square glasses, dark brown hair cut military style. The students seemed hesitant about standing and greeting in the middle of a test and  rightly so as they were waved down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would like everyone attention please. I\u8217\'92ll be brief but this is important.\u8221\'94 He looked at all of them carefully, before resuming. \u8220\'93Recently it came to our attention that some students around the school have been victims of aggressions, or caught carrying around illegal substance. We\u8217\'92re doing everything we can to make the school safe and catch the perpetrator, but until we manage to do this, I would ask all of you to be very careful. Don\u8217\'92t leave you belongings lying around, don\u8217\'92t walk alone after dark, and if you see anything suspicious, report it immediately.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He nodded briskly, then left the room behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As soon as he was out, the class started to whisper and mutter, the volume climbing steadily up until the teacher voice rose above the rest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Silence! This is still a test! Everyone sit down, and return to your paper! And silence!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nobody spoke a word during the rest of the exam. But many glances were exchanged\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After the test, Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 didn\u8217\'92t had time to speak to the rest of her \u8216\'91gang\u8217\'92. They had different classes, spread out across the building and from their timetables, they knew they wouldn\u8217\'92t get to see one another before this evening on the way out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hurrying out of class, they managed to exchange a brief hello, before the bell reminded them that students had little time to gossip\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the evening arrived, the four of them met at the main door, and as soon as they were in earshot, Julie exclaimed:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you believe that?! Aggressions?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Making them nod and Lucia added}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know, it\u8217\'92s crazy\u8230\'85 I mean this is La Sorbonne! You shouldn\u8217\'92t get this kind of stuff here!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s frowned and saw Lois looking as skeptic as her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t talk bull. This kind of things do happen even here. First time it\u8217\'92s enough a fuss that we hear of it, that\u8217\'92s all. You remember Catherine right? She was attacked at the metro station, not enough five minutes away. I\u8217\'92m more surprised that they admitted it, must be bad.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah well\u8230\'85 that doesn\u8217\'92t make me want to go home alone\u8230\'85 any of you girls want to crash at my place?\u8221\'94 Lucia asked, looking unsure.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Heh\u8230\'85 why not. My parents are home early and if I can avoid seeing them, I will.\u8221\'94 Lois nodded, and Julie shrugged, looking at Fel\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Want to walk home with someone?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t mind sleeping on the sofa\u8230\'85 we do have a movie binge to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Waving goodbyes to the other two, bags slung over their back, Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 and Julie exited the school and aimed for the station, discussing their planned movie night and comparing actors.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just as they turned away the corner, Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 bumped into someone. Immediately apologizing, she wouldn\u8217\'92t have even looked up, if it the person she bumped into hadn\u8217\'92t said}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey bitch what\u8217\'92d you think you did?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stopped, and leveled a glare at the man. Distasteful clothing, badly shaved, and stinking of alcohol, and drug-smoke.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I walked. I said sorry. I\u8217\'92m going.\u8221\'94 She responded in a clipped voice, seeing Julie tense beside her, hand going for the pepper spray that she kept in her pocket\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think so, see you bumped into me. That wasn\u8217\'92t polite.\u8221\'94 The man insisted and Julie started to pull out the spray when suddenly a hand closed on her arm and swung her around. She cried out in pain, and Fel\u8217\'92 turned immediately to face another assailant, clothed similarly to the other one and leering just as badly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What were you doing pretty bird? Heh? Got something under those ugly-ass clothes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh they got somethings alright, look at the rack on her!\u8221\'94 the first one laughed, and Fel\u8217\'92 clenched her teeth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where you two going anyway heh? Why don\u8217\'92t you join us, going to have a little fun!\u8221\'94 the pair laughed again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Julie twisted and tried to free her arm but her punches were inefficient and she was held too far to do much damage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then the man holding her slammed her into the nearest wall, making her cry out again, before he started slipping his hand beneath her shirt\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fel jumped to try and help but before she could do one step, he felt hands grasping her own arms and push her down. She scrapped painfully against the concrete before a boot was pushed to her back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your turn after bitch, don\u8217\'92t worry.\u8221\'94 She heard from behind her, and she snarled, trying and failing to aim a kick at her attacker.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All those big talks about fighting back and being able to defend themselves\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 and it all fell apart\u8230\'85 She looked at Julie desperate face, and tried to think of something\u8230\'85 anything to save them\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She tried screaming for help, but nobody came, people passed by, not far from them, looking down, walking faster. Not their problem, so used to violence, didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to get in troubles\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She felt the man behind her grab her hair and pull her head back, she heard him laugh\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 and then she heard a crack. Loud and followed by a scream of pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The pressure on her head vanished and she dropped to the ground again. She caught sight of Julie face and the man holding her, both looking astonished at what happened, and she spun around to see why she had been released.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her aggressor was holding his arm, whimpering at the pain, the reason for it obvious: the flesh was red, swelling, inflamed. She thought she could see a bit of white nearly poking out from beneath the skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Standing beside him was a young man. He looked about mid-twenty, smug and sure of himself, a smirk playing at his lips as he watched the other man holding his arm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was wearing an outfit that wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have been out of place in a convention, but was very strange looking in the middle of the street. Long deep sea blue coat, tailored and fitting him like a glove. That and his silver hair (dyed, they had to be dyed) made him look surreal\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t say anything, simply watched as the man turned his face back to him with a snarl, and lunged forward for a punch. A simple side-step, and suddenly their silver-haired savior was holding their aggressor at arm-length, hanging above the road as traffic roared by.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh god! Oh god! Don\u8217\'92t! Please man Don\u8217\'92t!\u8221\'94 the man immediately started to beg and blabber, and silver-head simply tilted his head\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not? You didn\u8217\'92t stop when the girls wanted you to. Why should I?\u8221\'94 he asked with an amused voice, then he shook his head and threw the man back on the pavement.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The other assailant had released Julie and looked torn between fighting or running. Silver-head did the choice for him, and faster than any of them could react, he had sunk a punch into the guy stomach, dropping him to the ground, whining and hurting.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The two aggressors seemed to then realized they were outclassed and decided to just flee the scene as best as they could, leaving Julie and Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 helping one another up, alone with Silver-head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Said man looked at them, appraising them with his eyes, then smirked again smug and so satisfied\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Despite that Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 knew they owed him quite a lot there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks for that\u8230\'85 we\u8217\'92d been screwed without you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stay to listen. Half-way into her thanks, he turned heels and started walking away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It took Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 a second or two to react, the adrenaline rush catching up with her again and she pushed herself up to run after him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey! Wait!\u8221\'94 she saw him turn the corner, and ran faster. \u8220\'93I said hey! You bastard! wait!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She took the bend, and stopped, astonished. Silver-head was nowhere to be seen. There was barely anyone in that street, it went on for a while, no side alley to go into, and yet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 he was gone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How\u8230\'85 where did\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she panted, eyes going wildly left and right, trying to spot the obvious silver color\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She jumped when she felt a hand on her shoulder but it was only Julie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You okay?\u8221\'94 she inquired, worried and looking quite a bit shaken herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 nodded, shaking as she tried to spot their mysterious savior again to no avail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just\u8230\'85 let\u8217\'92s go home okay? Please\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 looked at her friend again, and finally realized how pale and shaken she really was. Nodding, she grabbed her arm and led her away, leaving behind the sad scene of their aggression\u8230\'85}}