{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Description}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Advanced Science University}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Placed near the Sorbonne, the student district as Parisians often call it, the university is composed of a math department, a physic department, a chemistry department and a biology department.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Each department has its own floor, with labs and classrooms. Each room can hold about thirty students at the time, except the labs which can hold twelve to fifteen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The break rooms and lunch areas are common to all the department.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 School ground isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t big enough for any sportive complex or gardens, but the Sorbonne being nearby the students make due.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They have half-price tickets to all the nearby restaurants, events, and students aimed business (like bookshops etc)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The building is old and despite recent renovation, still possess a very rustic air to it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The teachers are used to strong, independent students and try to form more of those from whatever \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91children\u8217\'92 manage to get past the entrance exam.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No uniform, but a minimum of self-respect is required from all.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The labs are locked closed when not used and only members of the required staff have keys to those to avoid accidents.}}