{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A quick series of sms and some Internet searches had yielded an address to go with the name. From what Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 had found, the Martyr\u8217\'92s Bar was located around Montmartre, a barely known place that had no evaluation on any restaurant or bar websites which implied it was probably a dismally small place.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Still, it was a hint\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 or a reveal, or a rendez-vous or something! In any case, much better than the nothing they had before!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was no opening hours anywhere on any websites, but Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 figured since it was a bar, it probably was open every day in the evening at the very least.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So she had ran back to school, called back her gang, and got them to reunite immediately once again. Forget that this was a free afternoon, they were all close by and she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to do this without them! They were involved!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As soon as they all got there the girls tried to organise themselves to go to the bar as soon as possible,ideally this very evening. Planning a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91frontal assault\u8217\'92 all together for safety.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But of course it couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be as easy as that. One or another of them couldn\u8217\'92t come this evening, or any of the following ones that they discussed about. And the idea of waiting longer left a sour taste in Fel\u8217\'92s mouth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Next Saturday then!\u8221\'94 she heard Julie say, tapping the calendar with a pen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nah, can\u8217\'92t, baby-sitting.\u8221\'94 Lucia replied, frowning as once again the date was pushed back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They looked up as Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 mumbled something suddenly, obviously having had enough. \u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 Lucia asked her to repeat, not wanting to believe she heard right.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said: I\u8217\'92m going tonight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wha-?!\u8221\'94\u8221\'94You can\u8217\'92t!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Holding a hand up to stop them, Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 announced her plan quickly and harshly. She didn\u8217\'92t want to risk being swayed into changing her mind, and she knew her friend could come up with pretty good arguments when they wanted to.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going tonight, because I don\u8217\'92t know if it\u8217\'92s a meeting, if he works there, or whatever, and if I don\u8217\'92t go I might miss him. I\u8217\'92m not going to miss this because one of you can\u8217\'92t come. Whoever want with, follow, the others I\u8217\'92m sorry, I\u8217\'92ll tell you all about it the next day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was rare for them to not do things as a group, and Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 really didn\u8217\'92t want to do this to them, but it was too important. She couldn\u8217\'92t take that risk, no matter how much she loved her friends. She would go without them if she had to.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was an exchange of worried glance, the girls evaluating how serious she was. Then Lois nodded}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ain\u8217\'92t stupid actually\u8230\'85 I mean, she\u8217\'92s right, it might be a one-off thing.\u8221\'94 She looked at Julie and Lucia. \u8220\'93Sorry for you two, but I\u8217\'92ll go too. Safer than if she went alone and I got nothing tonight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The duo of left-behind wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t too happy about this plan, but they couldn\u8217\'92t do anything aside from going along. So they did, grumbling and frowning.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That evening, Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 joined up with Lois, a picture of the directions for the bar saved into her phone. They started by taking the metro up to Pigalle before returning on street level to try and find the right street.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Despite her determination, Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 was glad to have Lois here with her. Pigalle was not a district one wanted to be in, at night, alone. It was a place famous for its sex-workers, alcohol, parties\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The main streets were all sparkles and tourist-traps but as soon as you started walking away, the city became dark, damp and stunk of human misery.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It took them fifteen minute to reach the small alley, the half-screwed slab with the street-name being so dirty that they could barely see what was written on it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 a U and a R the only letters that could be identified with certainty, but the street around were the right ones, and it was the only alley that crossed them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Entering the impasse, walking close to each other, the girls peered at the dark walls, trying to find something that would signal the bar. It took them walking the length of the street twice, before they finally spotted the sign that pointed to a door in a recess of the left wall. Standing in front of the dark painted metal entrance, they paused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85 you sure it\u8217\'92s here?\u8221\'94 Lois asked, looking around as if expecting to be jumped by some criminal any second.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well\u8230\'85 the plan say yes. The sign say yes\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s completely failed as far as advertising goes, but I\u8217\'92d say yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe it\u8217\'92s closed\u8230\'85 an abandoned bar that became a lair for criminals or junkies. Or both.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 gave her friend a flat stare.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seriously? Not helping.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Turning to the door again, she took a deep breath, and searched for a handle, then finding none, she shrugged and pushed the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Despite its disarrayed looks, it opened smoothly, without any creaking. On the other side was not, as one might expect, a bar or the ruins of one. Behind the door was a staircase. A square stone staircase that descended deeply under the ground, lit by elegant lanterns embedded in the walls.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay. Not what I was expecting.\u8221\'94 Fel\u8217\'92 said, peering in. Her footsteps echoed loudly in the ambient silence. Lois nodded and followed, still holding the door open. They had seen too many movies in which the door locked when the main character closed it Added to the whole atmosphere of this place it only fuelled their paranoia.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85 We go down?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, we came to see what was here\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92d say let\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94 But even as she said that, she rummaged her bag to pull out the small can of pepper spray she always had on her. Lois nodded and pulled a penknife, unfolding the blade, and keeping it lightly hidden in the sleeve of her jacket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thus armed, they started to go down the long flight of stairs, letting go of the door which closed behind them with a loud clapping noise. As soon as it was shut, the noises of the outside muffled down to a murmur, making their breathing and steps that much louder.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Down and down they went, counting the steps mentally, hand on the ornate rail. They felt like they were going inside the heart of Montmartre hill itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, after exactly seventy-seven steps and a few minutes that felt like hours, they reached the bottom. And faced another door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This one, unlike the first, was a wooden work of art, carved, with gold covering the bas-relief.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This time as they were already \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93armed\u8221\'94 they did not hesitate, exchanging just a glance before pushing the door open. No noise from the door itself again but as soon as it was open, the soft sound of music reached them coming from inside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They entered a sort of hallway, wide-eyed and awed at the sight. Everywhere red velvet adorned the walls, curtains were draped around the corners, cabinet of dark wood that wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have looked out of place in a castle were propped against the walls.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the end of it, an archway covered by a heavy wine-red curtain, that they quickly pushed aside as they went through.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The new room was similar to the first, but so much more gorgeous. The hallway was reception and depicting riches. But this? This was luxury.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everything was dark wood, gold and rich deep red. There were paintings on the walls, depicting women and men dancing or posing naked in some antic setting, chandeliers with candles that gave the room its soft warm light and diffused a light pleasant scent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This room also had more furniture. Sofas, and cushioned armchairs that a queen or a king wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have refused, placed on a carpet that looked like fluff itself. There was even a bar on the left, with drinks and bottles already out on display.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a room made to receive people, to welcome, to show-off. It was to display opulence and life\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 to seduce any who dared take a step inside, and loose them in an other-worldly decadence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before they could fully take everything in, a deep low voice startled them, making them spin to face the bar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Behind it stood a dark haired man with olive skin, a small goatee and sideburns adorned his face, as he fixed them with eyes of a surprising yellow shade.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This establishment doesn\u8217\'92t allow children. Please take the door behind you and get out.\u8221\'94}}