{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you hear me? This is not the kind of place you two should be in. Get Out.\u8221\'94 He repeated, glaring now as he set down the glass.\line Fel\u8217\'92 finally recovered enough from her surprise and embarrassment, to answer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not minor.\u8221\'94 She growled out, glaring now in turn. \u8220\'93And we\u8217\'92re not leaving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That wasn\u8217\'92t a question.\u8221\'94 He said, an eyebrow rising up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That wasn\u8217\'92t an answer.\u8221\'94 Fel\u8217\'92 replied, holding her ground and the staring contest that had started between them. \u8220\'93We came here to speak to someone.\u8221\'94 She added as she suddenly tore herself away. She couldn\u8217\'92t hold his gaze any longer, and she could hear the satisfied smirk as he spoke next.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re telling me you two are clients then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lois bristled next to her, and she wondered if she would have to hold her down, when she spotted movement from the corner of an eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looking to the back of the room she saw a door open behind one of the curtain, and someone padded in the room, rubbing sleep out of their eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Electric blue hair, pale skin, and clothes\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 well they wouldn\u8217\'92t have looked out of place in a cosplay convention but the frilly shirt and leather pants were a weird sight here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The young man stopped when he spotted then, looking surprised for a moment, then grinned a hundred watt smile at them, showing off pearly whites that gave both girl shivers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was something in his eyes\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well hello there~\u8221\'94 he quite positively purred at them, before slowly prowling up to them. Granite grey eyes jumped from Fel\u8217\'92 to Lois in turns, like a cat deciding what bird to pounce first.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are two lovely ladies like you doing here?\u8221\'94 he stood not even one meter away, and the girls had the strong urge to run. \u8220\'93Came to taste the delights? Or to give me a taste maybe?\u8221\'94 he teased, leaning toward Lois, reaching a hand out to gently run a finger along her face\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had to duck suddenly as she brought her hand for a slap, finding his manners both creepy and invading, but she reached only air and he chuckled at her attempt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whoa careful sweetheart! It cost more if we play rough.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 glare should of burned, but the teasing little bastard still stood there laughing. And then his attention turned to her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you princess? Smelling that amazing, you got to taste just as good. Going to let me find out?\u8221\'94 he stepped closer, and Fel backed off. One step back for each of his steps forward until she felt her back bump into the wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stay back!\u8221\'94 she warned him, feeling her hand grasp tight on the can of pepper-spray. She thumbed off the cap, and put a finger on the head, ready to use it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He only chuckled, a rich and smooth sound, but cold before sliding one hand on the wall, next to her head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh princess\u8230\'85 don\u8217\'92t be scared. I barely bite.\u8221\'94 He made as if to lean forward to steal a kiss, but Fel\u8217\'92 felt a shiver of fear from something much more dangerous\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Without a word she brought the spray up, and aimed at blue-head face, pressing down and spraying him at close range.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But instead of backing off in pain, he blinked and used his spare hand to wipe some of the orange sheen that had gathered on his cheek.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then he looked back at her, very amused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Was this supposed to do something princess?\u8221\'94 he asked, sucking on his finger with a wide smile\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 could say anything or do anything, there was a rush of wind. Blue-head face contorted in sudden fear, and he made a move as if to back off. He wasn\u8217\'92t given time to do so. Something grabbed him by the shirt, throwing him backward and away from Fel to land against the coffee table with a resounding crash.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 heard Lois cry out in surprise and fear, from the sudden and violent display, and she watched as her mysterious silver haired savior once again turned to smile smugly at her. He seemed to have just appeared out of nowhere, once again to her rescue\u8230\'85\line Exuding confidence he held out a hand to her, like an invitation to dance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you alright?\u8221\'94 he asked, and it was the first time she heard him talk. His voice was silk and honey alike, made to seduce and to charm, and he had a slight accent that made his words like music.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 could hear the hidden poison beneath every drop of honey.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slapping his hand aside, she pushed herself off the wall angrily, pointing a finger at him, and refraining just so from poking him in the chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You! You told me to come here!\u8221\'94 He only smiled, not denying it and so she went on \u8220\'93Why did you do that?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll have to precise what }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  is. Bringing you here? Saving your life? Twice?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 was sparred an answer by the sudden yowling hiss that came from blue-head. He pushed himself up again, and glared at them, blood running down the side of his head and teeth barred\u8230\'85 And Fel\u8217\'92 did a double-take because his teeth were more like fangs and how did she miss this earlier?!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You bastard!\u8221\'94 blue-head snarled \u8220\'93The hell was that for?! I was just kidding!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  warned you. All of you. That you were not to touch her.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Silver-guy responded, voice no longer enthralling but dangerous and deadly. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re lucky I only got you off her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Her}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  is not a prize that need defending!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Lois exclaimed, interrupting them, looking as angry as her voice let on. \u8220\'93You told us to come here! Now would be a good time to explain why the fuck you did so!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 nodded, angry too, but also scared. Who were those guys that threw one another around, worked in some sort of sex-bar, and rescued then tricked girls on the street\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh hell, please don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let them be sexual deviant! The thought just crossed her mind, but now Fel\u8217\'92 sincerely hoped she hadn\u8217\'92t led Lois into a death-trap.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well what do you think I invited you here for?\u8221\'94 Silver-head asked, ignoring Lois entirely and looking at Fel\u8217\'92 the smile back on his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 started to think her face would set in a permanent glare if she continued like this, but she wouldn\u8217\'92t relent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, that\u8217\'92s why I came, that\u8217\'92s why I ask.\u8221\'94 She ground out in answer, only scowling further as this just brought a chuckle to the guy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before he stepped forward, making her back off again, but this time she turned to avoid the wall. She wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t made the same mistake twice!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He paused, a step away from her, and looked down at her eyes. He was much taller than he looked, she could see that now that he was up close. She was tempted to kick him\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 temptation turned to fact as he reached toward her. Her leg shot out, aiming for his crotch. Cheap and easy way to disable a man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Except that apparently she was too obvious because he caught her ankle and held her there, barely balanced, and grinned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now that\u8217\'92s not very nice, I just wanted to move your hair off your face.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She hopped on one foot, trying to get him to release her, and he did so\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 which threw her completely off balance. A curse escaped her as she twisted to try and grab something\u8230\'85 her arm met the counter, and she allowed her shoulder to bump into it harshly, to prevent a full fall, gasping at the shock, hearing something fall behind her and feeling something warm and thick suddenly flowing down her back and chest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She cursed again, jumping away and back to her own two feet, pulling on her shirt, seeing the deep dark red stain that was spreading slowly there. Great! Now she was covered in wine!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I had just cleaned the counter.\u8221\'94 She heard the bartender say in a flat voice, followed by the clink of glasses and bottles. \u8220\'93Sorry Saig, she spilled your breakfast, I\u8217\'92ll make another.\u8221\'94 He added, and she saw blue-head snickering.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This had been such a stupid idea to come here\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 she wasn\u8217\'92t going to get any answer, and to top if off, she now stunk of\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sniffing her shirt, Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 frown turned to confusion. This wasn\u8217\'92t the scent of wine\u8230\'85 this was heavier, headier\u8230\'85 iron filled\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looking at her finger, covered in the stuff from where she grasped her shirt, she paled suddenly as the answer clicked in her mind. She looked up to see Lois white and shaking, already aware. They crossed gaze\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And scampered. Out the door, back up the stairs, running down the street and thinking only of one thing: putting as much distance as they could between them and this fucking creepy weird place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wine that had spilled on Fel\u8217\'92 shirt. It was blood.}}