{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was easy to fall into a routine. To start acting the same way, every day, without thinking, to try and drive away a thought or a memory that was too disturbing to think about.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That was what Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 did. After her misadventures with Lois, and telling the rest of the group about it, it was unanimously decided that they would report the place to the police, and then forget about it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They went to the station that same afternoon, gave their testimony and left. And they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hear anything about it since, so they forgot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lucia and Julie, who hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been there, forgot easily, pushing this aside as a strange adventure and not paying it any mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lois had a harder time, but in the end, with efforts and the help of the others, she managed to push it all from mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92\u8230\'85 well she thought she could do it too. For a while she even believed she did. But every time she started to think she was rid of this whole affair, a flash of color, a voice, a sight, would bring her back to the bar, and to that strange disturbing feeling of belonging there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She hid it. For the first time as long as she recalled, she was lying to her friends about something big. Not just a little white lie, or excuse made about stupid things like everyone did. She had a hunch that this wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t normal, maybe she even needed help, but she didn\u8217\'92t want any.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She felt fine, aside from that on and off urge to return to that strange bar, and this urge she could drown out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By throwing herself body and soul in routine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Home, School, Homeworks. Rinse and repeat.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But her friends weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t fooled and they asked about it from time to time. \u8220\'93Fel you okay?\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93Fel you look down, what\u8217\'92s the matter?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She started avoiding the girls. It was the easiest solution. Progressively she started going out with them less. Hanging with them less.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before long she had drifted apart from them entirely, isolating herself from them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Weeks after the encounter, a wandering funfair opened in the city outskirt. Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 heard several times the girls talk about going there, but never once did they mention inviting her, nor did she ask.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She was getting tight on money too. Enough to eat, her parents helped as always with the rent. But she was too close to broke to go to a fair and enjoy it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But staying at home wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t an option either. She had cleaned the place already so many times out of boredom, games and books sounded boring at the moment, and staying dead in front of the tv\u8230\'85 she did enough of that to make her sick of the screen. In fact the more she thought of it, the more she felt only one thing: an itch. That itch, that idea of going back. Solve the mystery of the bar.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She spent a good half hour arguing with herself back and forth, reasons for not going and reasons for setting off immediately.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, if only to shut up her own mind, she grabbed her coat and keys and slammed the door shut, taking the quickest path to the subway.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Stupid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 stupid! You\u8217\'92re going alone, in a place where a bunch of weirdos store blood in bottles! What are you thinking?!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She berated herself all the way, but never hesitated as she switched stations, keeping a distracted eye on the display to not miss the one she got off at.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 And you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even have pepper spray or whatever! Whatever use it was last time I guess it\u8217\'92s no big loss, but still\u8230\'85 should of taken a pen knife!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The train stopped, people pushing in and out of it. Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 elbowing her way out of the crowd and finally emerging from the station in the crisp autumn air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Without pausing she entered Pigalle, which looked much less alive in the middle of the day, with the people simply rushing about and many of the colored signboards closed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One woman among the crowd wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t glanced at twice and she found her way back to the small alley easily enough.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Standing at the front door, then she hesitated. She stared at the metal panel, knowing what was behind it, and feeling that urge of knowing more, of going back and learning about all of this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Taking a deep breath, Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 squashed that feeling down, and pushed the door open, taking the stairs down two at the time. She reached the door, grasped the handle, turned it\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And it rattled. And rattled again as she repeated the gesture to the same result: the door was locked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Which made sense, for the kind of place it was. Made even more sense if the place had been closed down by the police but it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look like anything violent had taken place and Fel\u8217\'92 couldn\u8217\'92t help but think the weird bunch would of fought\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She considered trying to force the door, but if they were still in business it would only bring her troubles. And yet now that she was here, she was loathe to leave.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she lost time considering options and trying to come up with some suitable plan for what to do next, she heard a small cough from behind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Leave or stay miss, but can you at least not block the door? Those bags are not a little bit heavy, and I\u8217\'92d like to put them away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The voice was polite, posh actually, smooth and lilted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 spun around and found herself face to neck with another man she had not seen here before. Donned in a green gorgeous cloak with fringes and cufflinks, and lined with golden threads.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had long hair too, tied in a tight and high ponytail, a sort of faded auburn. And he had a kind smile, a genuine smile that made Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 tension much less than it should of been\u8230\'85 that and the paper bags full to the brim of groceries that he was carrying in each arms. It made him look much less threatening to be holding potatoes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8230\'85 er\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she tried to think of something to say, some excuse. That guy might be looking nice and smiley, but coming here during the day and in those clothes? He was most probably one of the weirdos too.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh! Wait\u8230\'85 are you the young Lady that Darkon mentioned maybe? He did say you might be passing by!\u8221\'94 the smile got even wider, like a young kid being told about holidays or some other good things, and he tried to juggle the bags up around to free a hand, holding it out for Fel\u8217\'92 to shake.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he did so, several of the potatoes spilled from the bags and crashed to the floor, rolling here and there to the dismay of the nice-guy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh dear, clumsy me.\u8221\'94 He looked so disappointed that Fel\u8217\'92 completely dropped her guard. No way this guy was dangerous\u8230\'85 even if he was in with the others, he was the errand-boy obviously\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll get them.\u8221\'94 She said, starting to pick up the potatoes, though just in case keeping an eye on the guy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why thank you! I should of taken bigger bags but I couldn\u8217\'92t be bothered. What might be your name milady?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85 Fel\u8217\'92. What\u8217\'92s yours?\u8221\'94 she responded with the tiniest hint of mistrust, but potato-boy appeared not to notice, simply beaming down at her as she shuffled to the last potato, right by the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sylvain, it\u8217\'92s a real pleasure to meet you Fel. Darkon wouldn\u8217\'92t stop mentioning you, he told us such impressive things, we were all quite eager to meet you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85 uh\u8230\'85 what?\u8221\'94 kneeling by the door, Fel\u8217\'92 blinked up at the boy, not sure what to answer to that. Darkon? One of the creepy dude from last time\u8230\'85 and he mentioned her and told good things about her to the other creepy guys and what the hell was going on here?!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before she could ask anything more, she heard suddenly the rattling of the handle again, this time though with no one on this side touching it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t had time to look back before the door banged open, catching her hard in the shoulder and temple.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Projected a couple meters away, she saw stars dancing behind her eyes as pain exploded in her skull. Dropping the handful of potatoes, she slumped to the ground, tears in her eyes, and she faintly heard above her, two voice talking.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good job Damien, of all the stupid things to do, a door in her face.\u8221\'94 Fel\u8217\'92 blinked, nauseous from the blow and confused. This sounded like nice-guy voice but\u8230\'85 it was suddenly different, dangerous and sharp\u8230\'85 and the voice that answered sounded young and slightly\u8230\'85 roguish?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well how was I supposed to know she was behind the door?! Man, Darkon is going to have my hide for that\u8230\'85 think he won\u8217\'92t notice if I put her to bed and heal her up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How stupid do you think he is? No, make that, how stupid don\u8217\'92t you think you are?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She heard footsteps, saw a vague shape of beige and orange swim in front of her\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 then something warm covered her eyes and she slipped into nothingness.}}