{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Light. Too much light. Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 groaned, bringing a hand up to her face, and pulling on the bed cover to try burrow back into the warm darkness of sleep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why had she left the light on before going to bed? And damn, her bed had never felt that nice\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 comfy, and soft and so much better than normal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It even smelt of\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 roses?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 frowned suddenly, springing sitting and looking around wildly. She wasn\u8217\'92t in her room. That was something obvious right at first glance. The bed she was in was a king size, surrounded in velvet drapery a deep red. The walls were also covered in blood-tinted wallpaper on top of dark wooden panels and chandelier mounted regularly. The ground was a shiny and waxed wood, and the few furnitures were the same craftsmanship quality, like renaissance item with golden adornments.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pushing the blanket off her, she swung her legs out of the bed, only then remarking that she was no longer wearing her shirt and jeans, but instead a long frilly nightgown, so light she barely felt it, in a deep emerald colour.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And nothing beneath. And that creeped her out beyond words.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Getting out of bed, she ran to the door and rattled the handle a few times but the door remained decidedly closed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Starting to panic now, and seeing no windows whatsoever, Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 ran to the dresser and pulled the drawers open one by one, until finally she found a metal hanger made from what looked like -at first glance- silver.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She returned to the door, intend on trying her newfound weapon against the wood, when the lock clicked open. Holding the hanger high she held her breath as the door opened. And swung it down on the figure that came in the room.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a surprised sound of pain, followed by a cascade of crashes and shatters. Potato-boy -Sylvain- had jumped away from her, holding his hands to his head where the hanger connected with his skull, the remains of toasts and chocolate spilt around on the ground from the platter he had been carrying and had dropped.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oooh that wasn\u8217\'92t nice at all.\u8221\'94 He complained, gingerly probing his head, and wincing. But Fel\u8217\'92 didn\u8217\'92t really care, she was still very much panicked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where am I? What did you do to me?!\u8221\'94 she demanded, still brandishing the hanger.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We didn\u8217\'92t do anything.\u8221\'94 He protested, looking very much harmless indeed, but Fel\u8217\'92 wasn\u8217\'92t fooled. She remembered hearing them just before she lost consciousness. \u8220\'93You took a hit from the door, we brought you here to make sure you would be alright.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As if. Someone changed my clothe. You pervs changed my clothes!\u8221\'94 Fel\u8217\'92 snarled, though she did step away from the door. No point getting knocked out a second time if someone arrived to check on the noise. She did thought of running but without knowing the place she risked getting caught long before she reached the exit.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We put you into more comfortable clothes yes, but I hardly see how this qualify as perverted behaviour!\u8221\'94 Sylvain had straightened again, and glared at her in turn, looking quite nonplussed by the hanger now that he was facing it directly. \u8220\'93And you should really put that away before you hurt someone\u8230\'85 else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 was about to snap again, when he heard footsteps approaching. One second was all she had to decide whether or not to attack the arriving person, but a small voice in her head told her it would be a very bad idea and she backed off as far from the door as she could.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It swung open, and the silver headed figure that had come to haunt her more recent memories stepped in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The change in the room was immediate, Sylvain forgot all about his head and placed a hand to his chest before bowing like an old-school butler, and didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t straighten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silver-head ignored him utterly, looking at Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 with a slight smile and a hint of curiosity.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re alright then? Good.\u8221\'94 He made to walk toward her, but remarked the metal hanger and one of his eyebrow rose in amusement. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure this would be much use as weapon, you risk more injuring yourself with it, than me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll call the police. I\u8217\'92ll tell them about you depraved bunch and that you changed me when I was out of it. You\u8217\'92ll get arrested.\u8221\'94 Fel\u8217\'92 threatened in response, hoping to get some hint of fear or worry to show. But instead she got a mocking chuckle.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like they arrested us before? We do know you told them about the blood. It was quite an amusing day, let me tell you, two officers coming to see us. It\u8217\'92s far from the first time we had to deal with this and as you can see, this is a useless threat to use against us. So let\u8217\'92s drop it shall we?\u8221\'94 he stepped forth, getting closer, and Fel\u8217\'92s grip on the hanger tightened. \u8220\'93You won\u8217\'92t call anyone. You don\u8217\'92t }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 want}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to call anyone. You came back here of your own accord, because you wanted to. Dare you deny it?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was standing centimetres away but Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 did not even try to strike. Because he was right, because she did want to know. Because deep down inside, she came back on her own for answers. And damn the fear, damn the risks, damn the weirdness. This time she would get them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ok\u8230\'85 yes I wanted to come back. I wanted to know what happened last time I was here. What was in that bottle, and what\u8230\'85 what are you and your creepy friends doing here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Put away the hanger and we\u8217\'92ll discuss this like civilised beings.\u8221\'94 He replied, now grinning and Fel\u8217\'92 was well aware that he was asking that only to annoy her. He wasn\u8217\'92t threatened in the least, she could of been naked he wouldn\u8217\'92t have felt any different. Speaking of\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not until I know who changed me. And why. Because this is perverted and whoever did this, you\u8217\'92re not having them anywhere near me. Ever again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His smirk widened, and he leaned forward, until her back was flat against the wall. Then he whispered to her softly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did it.\u8221\'94 He straightened again then continued in a normal voice. \u8220\'93And before you start to scream again, those }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 are}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  your clothes. I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need to get you naked to change what you wear. I will never force you into anything. Now will you put away the hanger?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 blinked a few times, her brain having a hard time coming up with some appropriate answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because that guy was barking crazy. Just completely crazy. He spoke nonsense and acted like it was some big mystery. Maybe this was what the answer was, those guys were unstable mentally. And she jumped right in their midst so she had to be too.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right.\u8221\'94 She said slowly, lowering the hanger slightly. Best way around crazies was to not push them into a fit or anything. Or so she thought. \u8220\'93Sooo\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92m going to put away the hanger, and you\u8217\'92re going to tell me more about that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silver-head laughed again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Brave, and condescending\u8230\'85 amusing combination.\u8221\'94 He stepped to the bed frame and leaned against one of the wooden post. \u8220\'93Go ahead. Ask some questions, and we\u8217\'92ll see if I give you answers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 glare returned full force, but she forced herself to stay calm, taking a deep breath and trying to chose what question she should ask first. She finally settled for the obvious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who are you? And your\u8230\'85 friends or whatever?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silver-head smirked \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My name is Darkon. I\u8217\'92m the leader and owner of this establishment, known as the Martyr\u8217\'92s Bar. And the others here work for me. Do I need to detail what kind of place this is, or do you already know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fel couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but think he was enjoying this way too much, and his teasing tone earned a severe blush from her, but she shook her head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No I get that picture fine. What I want to know is why you saved me that day, then ran off\u8230\'85 you tricked me into coming here from the start, you played with me to get me there instead of being honest and open. Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Darkon eyes glinted as he watched her, and he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer immediately this time. His smirk was gone too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I tricked you because I had no choice. You would of never came here otherwise, no matter if I saved you or not. Instinct alone would of prevented you. Because you see, we aren\u8217\'92t humans. And with the smell and energy you have? You aren\u8217\'92t either.\u8221\'94}}