{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not human?\u8230\'85 What do you mean, not human?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Darkon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words had been followed by a momentary stunned silence, but Fel recovered soon enough. And she was now convinced that they were completely mad. Mental-institution cases that should return in said mental institution right now.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah no, that\u8217\'92s it. I\u8217\'92m out of here.\u8221\'94 She snapped, pushing herself away from the wall, trying to storm past Darkon who was still smirking. His arm shot out to catch hers, and she snarled, trying to fight him off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let go of me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not until you listen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t listen to this\u8230\'85 craziness anymore! Not humans! Next you\u8217\'92re going to tell me about unicorns and leprechauns!\u8221\'94 she tried to claw his hand off with her nails, but he refused to let go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well actually I could\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she huffed, and he stopped but still did not let her go. His other hand came toward her, and Fel\u8217\'92 struggled more than she ever did. But her strongest struggles did nothing. He was unmoving, she was exhausting herself as fruitlessly as if she was pushing a boulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His hand was level with her torso, and she wondered if he would strike her, try to touch her inappropriately\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She expected something to happen. But she was absolutely not ready for what did happen. Darkon fingers snapped, a loud, sharp noise. Immediately small flames started to dance along his fingers, and he splayed them out to make sure Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 could see them well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stopped struggling immediately, looking at his hand, mouth open in surprise. Her brain was having a very hard time catching up with what she was seeing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fire could not be summoned like he just did\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 it just couldn\u8217\'92t. There had to be a trick!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So was grasping to some logical explanation, when he started waving his fingers, and the flames turned green, then blue, deep red. Even a pitch black, and a white so pure it hurt the eyes. He had finally released her arm, but she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t thinking of running anymore. She was staring, hypnotised, at the flames. She extended a hand to touch them, but Darkon took his own back with a smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah-ah\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s still fire. It burns.\u8221\'94 He said, obviously amused.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She looked at him, her defiance still there but nearly entirely drowned by the surprise and disbelief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8230\'85 It can\u8217\'92t\u8230\'85 you\u8230\'85 How are you doing that?\u8221\'94 she finally managed to string enough words together to form a coherent sentence. Darkon laughed, extinguishing the flames.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Focus. Energy manipulation\u8230\'85 knowing what you\u8217\'92re doing is half the work with what you call magic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Magic is real.\u8221\'94 Fel\u8217\'92 whispered, the fact downing. \u8220\'93Magic\u8230\'85 is real. Magic is real\u8230\'85 Magic is freaking real!\u8221\'94 she finished on a scream, but held out a hand immediately. \u8220\'93No! No I\u8217\'92m fine\u8230\'85 just\u8230\'85 getting to grip. Magic is real. Okay. You\u8217\'92re not human\u8230\'85 what are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me what }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  are first. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m very curious to be honest.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not\u8230\'85 Wait, you said\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92m not human.\u8221\'94 She couldn\u8217\'92t believe that. She was born from human parents, she was humans\u8230\'85 \u8220\'93I never showed any sort of magic before\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Never?\u8221\'94 now it was Darkon\u8217\'92s turn to frown. He had been expecting another answer, maybe harry potter style\u8230\'85 but Fel\u8217\'92 was sure of it: she never did anything magical. Ever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She shook her head, and his frown deepened, before finally she shrugged it off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well maybe you\u8217\'92re only partly disnormal. Enough that we can smell it, but not enough that you would inherit any special traits. Which is a real shame but it can\u8217\'92t be helped\u8230\'85 It does change my plans a bit I suppose.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh. Right, he did made her come. He thought she was magical, he thought she was something like him, and the other that worked here. She wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure if she heard right just then, what did he means by \u8220\'93disnormal\u8221\'94? But insulting or not, he had been curious because he thought her one of them. What was he going to do to her, now that she said she wasn\u8217\'92t\u8230\'85 magical.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Worry mounted again, and she backed off away from Darkon once more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What plan?\u8221\'94 she asked, cautious.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He waved a hand in the air, as if physically chasing away the question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing big, I just thought you would make a good partner, figured it was a case of unknown capacities and thought that freeing you from the boring humans and their lifestyle would make you thankful and you would like me in return.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 blinked. Was he stupid? Or joking maybe? No he looked serious, he really just said all that out loud, and believed it, as if it was obvious and not offensive at all!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She heard a light slap from somewhere on her right, and glancing briefly there, she saw Sylvain had just face-palmed. She had completely forgotten about him. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been watching it all. He also obviously didn\u8217\'92t thought much of Darkon\u8217\'92s social skills, but that wouldn\u8217\'92t help her now. Even if she did try escape Darkon, if he got dangerous -and who was she kidding, he already was!- she wouldn\u8217\'92t be able to escape that guy too.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You do realise how wrong that sound\u8230\'85 right?\u8221\'94 she asked, reporting her attention back on Darkon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked at her, and seemed confused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85 No not really. Does it? Is that a human thing then? That the truth sound wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8230\'85? No! It\u8217\'92s not a human thing, it\u8217\'92s just a thing! You don\u8217\'92t\u8230\'85 that\u8217\'92s manipulation! It\u8217\'92s wrong by default!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh right. It\u8217\'92s wrong if I tell you about it. I forgot\u8230\'85 well anyway, it doesn\u8217\'92t matter anymore, since this plan is scratched. Can\u8217\'92t do anything with you if you\u8217\'92re powerless. But I did invest a bit of time, and I\u8217\'92d be curious how someone \u8220\'93normal\u8221\'94 react to knowing about it, and learning about the different non-humans out there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want me to come back here? To visit you guys?\u8221\'94 That\u8230\'85 would be the weirdest thing ever, but if that meant they wouldn\u8217\'92t try to hurt her, or silence her for knowing their secrets she was alright with it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well yes, but you can\u8217\'92t come here that often without a reason. And I doubt you\u8217\'92d become a regular client if I asked.\u8221\'94 Darkon smirk was there again, and Fel\u8217\'92s felt herself blush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No I wouldn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94 She grumbled out, waiting for him to finish laughing and propose a better idea.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We could make her work here.\u8221\'94 The cultured, soft voice came from the corner of the room where Sylvain was, and both Fel\u8217\'92 and Darkon turned to look at him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It would expand our clientele but once again, I can\u8217\'92t see her agreeing.\u8221\'94 Darkon retorted, and Sylvain bowed once more -when had he even pulled out of the bow the first time?- explaining.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wasn\u8217\'92t thinking of having her work with clients, of any type. I was more thinking of menial tasks. Cleaning the rooms, carrying clean sheets and clothes to us, help Deerck with the bar and drinks, and the cleaning of the glasses.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ooooh! Maid work! Yes that is a good idea!\u8221\'94 Darkon looked delighted by the idea and turned to Fel\u8217\'92 with a wide grin. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92ll be perfect, you\u8217\'92ll work here during the afternoons whenever you can, you won\u8217\'92t be just in our legs and I\u8217\'92ll still get to have you around!\u8221\'94 he didn\u8217\'92t appear about to ask Fel\u8217\'92 what she thought of this, and so she took it upon herself to do so.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what if I don\u8217\'92t like that idea?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Darkon smile faded a bit, then returned but it had gone from a happy-boy smile to a predatory one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll be well paid. And you can\u8217\'92t deny that you }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 are}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  curious. Why wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t you like that idea?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Both good points, but she wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t admit it. Not so easily.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because you acted like a jerk, scared me half to death, you and your merry band, several times. Doesn\u8217\'92t make me want to come back every so often.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll never find another chance than us, to learn about the disnormal. Because if you ask elsewhere and risk the secret, you\u8217\'92ll be silenced before you\u8217\'92ll be able to explain yourself. But if you want it that dearly, then let me ask you: Do you want to work here with us, as a maid, and learn about our world?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And despite the tiny voice in her head that screamed no, despite her best instinct telling her it was a bad idea, despite having read so many books where this kind of situation turned very bad\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Fel\u8217\'92 smirked in turn. And said yes.}}