{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The thing with working for supernatural beings was that there was no real contracts. Or insurance, or any other type of paperworks of any sort. Because they were beyond human laws and they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t care much for anything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The same actually applied to their client. Fel wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t surprised to hear that the Martyr\u8217\'92s bar was completely outside of legality. It only made her wonder how they managed to convince the police to not poke around too much if they had no papers for that\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the advantage was that the week following her \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93recruitment\u8221\'94, she didn\u8217\'92t had to fill in anything, she hadn\u8217\'92t needed to deposit any sort of folder anywhere\u8230\'85 She simply received a letter, at her home -the fact that they knew where she lives bothered her a lot more than she allowed herself to show- giving her the time at which she was to show up come next monday.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So after making sure that her homework were all done, days in advance -she wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t fully sacrifice school for this mess- she placed a knife and a bottle of water in her bag, and left for the bar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She got there five minutes early, which she considered good impression for a first day at a new job, and as weird as this whole situation was, it was still a new job. So Fel intended to act appropriately.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Down the creepy staircase once more, and knocking on the wooden door without hesitation this time, she waited with fidgety nervousness until the wooden panel opened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She expected the kind faced Sylvain, or the silver framed face of Darkon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 but the one that welcomed her inside was instead a frazzled, sleepy looking pale young man with electric blue hair.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh she remembered him. She would have a very hard time forgetting this bastard, and now that she knew they weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t humans, she had a sneaking suspicion of what exactly }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 he}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  was.\line The young man blinked at Fel twice, before a positively carnivorous smile stretched his lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well look who arrived just on time for breakfast! Darling you shouldn\u8217\'92t have!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fel scowled, and stepped back, then steeled herself. She was working here now, she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t going to let this little cretin tease her and make her embarrassed!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s my first day working here. If you could let me in. Thanks.\u8221\'94 Clipped tone and to the point. But the point sailed right over his blue head and he leaned in toward her\u8230\'85 no toward her neck. Okay that was bad.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But honey you wouldn\u8217\'92t leave me all alone and in pain right?\u8221\'94 he asked, and he had been about to reach for her when a voice called from inside}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Saig! Stop harassing the maid, get back in here!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Saig -Weird name, and yes she was the one saying this- looked back and started to pout, but he gracefully stepped back and finally allowed Fel inside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She crossed the entrance without a look back at him, even if she could hear him following her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The reception room was the same as she remembered\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 maybe the cushion had been moved a bit about but that was about it.\line Behind the bar, the same barman as the first time, making some sort of cocktail and not looking at her or Saig.\line Saig who went and flopped down on one of the couch, twisting like a snake until he could lounge like an overgrown cat and look at her at the same time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She resolutely ignored him, and looked at the barman.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So\u8230\'85 I\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your uniform is in the reserve. You\u8217\'92ll start by cleaning up this room, broom and buckets in the reserve as well. When you\u8217\'92re done, come see me, and I\u8217\'92ll give you soap and glasses to clean up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He debited those instruction without even glancing her way a single time. Fel wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure if she preferred this blatant indifference to the much too intense interest Saig displayed, but she said nothing, simply nodding and making her way to the door half hidden on the side of the bar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That was probably the reserve\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 the barman didn\u8217\'92t say anything to stop her, and when she opened the door, she saw that she had been right.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Setting down her bag, she looked around for her uniform. From all the mess she had seen so far, she expected a maid outfit right from the Internet with the white and black frills and aprons and the little inconvenient bows everywhere\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 That or some sort of fetish costume. Something that would fit with the \u8220\'93theme\u8221\'94 of the place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Instead she was faced with }}