{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The next day, after the improvised sleepover, Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 woke up next morning to a heavy mind. She had spent the earlier night trying to distract herself from the whole attack and rescue that they went through, but even after a night of sleep, the images kept coming to her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Replaying the arrival of the mysterious stranger -and bastard- who just left them there after saving them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Arriving to school, both she and Julie joined up with the rest of their group, and explained to the other two what happened the previous day. Only to learn in turn that the two men had been found early this morning in front of the nearby police station, confessing and begging to be let inside least \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The monsters get them\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The news went around the school like wildfire, as well as the story of Fel and Julie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s aggression.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Which made for quite an annoying day, with all the students trying to come talk to them, ask questions and see them\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But slowly the buzz died out. Nothing more happening about it meant people interest died -which Fel quite appreciated- and soon, life seemed fully back to normal for all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Except Fel. Whom had not given up the idea of finding her rescuer. She made sure to pass by the same street, every day at the same time, in hope of seeing the guy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As days went by, the idea turned into a slight obsession, and despite her friends, Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 continued on stubbornly with that quest. It drove a wedge in the group, making her drift from them in a way that she didn\u8217\'92t even realize.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Until one day she arrived to school, and only became aware of the day when their class wished Lucia a happy birthday. And she had not even remembered it was today.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of her best friend birthday and she forgot it. And it downed on her that she needed to stop before her search for that mysterious guy}}