{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They ran, without stop, faster and longer than they ever would of thought they could. Ignoring the shouts and the laughters around them. The patrons leaving the nearby bars and night-houses, or entering them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They ran and ran, until they finally reached a well lit crossroad, far enough away. Hands on their knees they panted to try and get some breath back.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 could feel her skin crawl, as with every breath she felt the blood-stick shirt cling to her chest, and the smell was everywhere around her. Enough to make her nearly sick.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She wanted nothing more than to remove it, but doing so in the middle of the street, so near Pigalle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 it was asking for troubles.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are\u8230\'85 never\u8230\'85 returning there.\u8221\'94 Lois stated as soon as she was able to speak again, and Fel\u8217\'92 nodded as best as she could. There was no reason, in the whole world, that was worth returning into this\u8230\'85 whatever that place was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A cross between whorehouse, and criminal ring. With a hint of cult in it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They looked around to the many people that still crossed the street at this hour, and Lois suddenly shuffled out of her jacket and held it out to Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here\u8230\'85 hide your shirt, don\u8217\'92t want to get arrested.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They aimed for the nearest subway station, both shivering from the chilly night air, and the adrenaline fallout. Lois was gnawing at her nails, eyes darting nervously all around, while Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 simply tried not to cringe every time she moved slightly and the fresh smell of blood wafted out of the jacket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She kept thinking back on all the little weird details, trying to rationalise what she had seen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bright shiny eyes were due to the lights in the room\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 the fangs\u8230\'85 same thing, a trick of the light and fear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The seemingly insane strength they used was down to\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 well they hadn\u8217\'92t used that much strength and martial art people could do even more crazy stuff so that made sense didn\u8217\'92t it?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The more she thought about it, the more this whole thing seemed like a very bad and dangerous joke, played on her by a group of very dangerous people. And the only logical conclusion about this was\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should call the cops\u8230\'85 that bottle had blood in it, it\u8217\'92s creepy and weird as fuck, and that alone would be enough for them to check out\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she muttered, looking at Lois who had finally stopped torturing her nails.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lois seemed taken aback and hesitated a second before answering in a small voice}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What if they\u8217\'92re a sort of street gang? Organised crime and stuff? They know our faces, if we tell the cops\u8230\'85 what if they come after us?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And it sort of made sense, really\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 and she only wanted to call the cops because she felt like she should do something about this place and the weirdos in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I could tell them alone\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be daft. If you go I\u8217\'92m going too. I mean, you need someone to confirm what you say and I won\u8217\'92t let you take the crap alone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lois voice was hard, but there was now a small smile to her face which comforted Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 in her idea. Call the cops, tell them the bar address, tell them what happened tonight and testify. With some luck the whole place would be shut down and that would be that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If not\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 well her family wasn\u8217\'92t in the country, as long as their faces and names were never shown, they should be safe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They reached Lois station, but she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t left the train. Fel\u8217\'92 couldn\u8217\'92t blame her not wanting to be alone right now. She also still needed the jacket, to hide her blood-covered shirt, and she didn\u8217\'92t say anything as they continued on until her own station.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When they reached her building, she paused to look at Lois, a silent inquiry to see if she would take her over-garment and leave, but Lois simply pushed past her to get inside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As soon as she was in, and the door locked, Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 removed her caked shirt, throwing it as far away as she could, her nerves breaking again. She jumped under the shower without a word. Lois knew the house anyway, the girls came here often enough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She scrubbed herself clean, several time, trying to not look at the brownish water that drained away and drowning the smell of blood under that of shampoo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 and finally she broke down. Slumping against the shower wall, curling up under the hot water, and sobbing softly. Relief, fear, confusion, anger\u8230\'85 it all washed over and away slowly.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When she finally gathered herself enough to stand again, the water had turned cold and she was shivering once more. But this time it was a good kind of shivering. She wrapped her hair in a towel, got into some clean pajama, and exited the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She could hear the steam from the kettle, and she entered the kitchen to find as expected, Lois nursing a cup of hot cocoa.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lois pointed to another steaming cup, sitting on the opposite chair, and Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 sat down, remarking the red and puffy eyes immediately. She wasn\u8217\'92t the only one who had a breakdown.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So she decided it was high time for some coping mechanism to kick in, and sniffed the cocoa long and hard before muttering.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hope you didn\u8217\'92t let snot in it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lois snort as she almost spat out her cocoa was worth the potential cleanup that could of occurred.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like you can talk, you probably hogged all the hot water!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 chuckled in return, and they looked at one another with a smile. Finishing their mug silently, enjoying the simple chocolate taste, before putting them in the sink for later washing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did actually\u8230\'85 hog the water so\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll shower in the morning, I didn\u8217\'92t need it as much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85 Are you okay?\u8221\'94 it was a stupid question, it sounded like a stupid question, but still\u8230\'85 she had to ask.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be\u8230\'85 after some sleep.\u8221\'94 Lois padded to the couch, pulled out a blanket from beneath it, and flopped down without any hesitation. Fel\u8217\'92 smiled as she passed by, lingering at the door frame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Night\u8230\'85 if you need anything\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know where the toilets are\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Lois voice came muffled from the cushions, and Fel\u8217\'92 laughed as she left the room.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reaching her own room, she slipped into bed, curling up beneath the covers and hiding away from the world. But despite her best efforts, she kept flashing back to the bar, to the men in there, to what they said and what they did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she slipped into a restless sleep, she realised suddenly something else, that only added to her horror.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For some reason, that she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t explain, that she couldn\u8217\'92t rationalise in any way\u8230\'85 a part of her had loved all this and wanted to return there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That terrified her more than everything she had seen that night\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}}