{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Will you keep still? You move again, I swear I\u8217\'92ll stick this somewhere painful on purpose!\u8221\'94 some laughs, a roll of eye, and Fel\u8217\'92 looked up at her \u8216\'91mannequin\u8217\'92s, a soft mischievous glint to her greenish eyes. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to sew that the wrong way up, and it\u8217\'92ll be your fault!\u8221\'94 she warned, waving the needle fake-threateningly, earning more laughs from her friends around.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lois humphed, straightening again. She stood much higher than her friend, with a more solid frame, tanned skin and black hair. But it was her more masculine features that often scared away people. Yet she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but follow the needle with weary blue eyes under thick frowny brows as Fel\u8217\'92 drove it down into the fabric, assembling the required pieces for the costume that she was wearing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to prick me!\u8221\'94 she exclaimed suddenly, jerking back once again.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Am not! If you would stop moving! Crybaby!\u8221\'94 Hands on her hips, the blond threw the needle down on the nearby table. \u8220\'93Honestly, I guard kids that are less troubles than you!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a walking catastrophe! I\u8217\'92m sorry if I don\u8217\'92t like you and needles together near me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they started to argue, Lucia paused her own work to watch them with a fond grin, pushing back a strand of black hair with its dyed vivid red tip from her brown eyes, ignoring the paint that peppered her olive skin. She and Julie were painting the armour pieces that had been made earlier. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a work where one kept clean.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The group of friends was used to such banter. They had known each other for so long now and they were nearly always having fun -or getting in troubles- together. And of course their common interests helped with this a lot. Right now said interest laid in costume making. And Lois\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cosplay was taking shape very well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In fact they were certain that they could finish it before the convention actually started. They had managed to get the school to lend them an empty room for this, after much request and on this silent Wednesday, their voices were the only thing that made the place alive.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Very much so.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lois stop being such a wimp.\u8221\'94 Julie commented, turning to look at the arguing pair, a streak of black paint across her face visible only thanks to the oily texture that contrasted with her chocolate skin. \u8220\'93Last I checked, you were the one who said you couldn\u8217\'92t sew to save your life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh she can\u8217\'92t!\u8221\'94 Fel\u8217\'92 cut short to any protest before it was even formed, and backed a step to eye off her work. It wasn\u8217\'92t\u8230\'85 too bad. She could of done better had the \u8216\'91subject\u8217\'92 squirmed a bit less. But as it was, it looked good enough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well fine, I think we can stop here anyway\u8230\'85 Miss \u8216\'91scared-of-needles\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A raspberry was all the answer she got as she put away the sewing kit and dragged a cardboard knife closer. They still had the whole back to do, and they needed to hurry before the school closed and they had to leave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sitting herself on one of the classroom table, she started cutting down the thick pieces of packing material using the earlier traced lines they all decided upon, to guide her hand.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looking by the window at the street below them, she smiled. People\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 with their own things to do, rushing to work, rushing home, rushing here and there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And she and her friends were here on a free day, in school, to finish up a project that they had all worked so hard on. Nice moment to wonder on existential questions. But it did put life in perspective to look at others like this and Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 loved it. Just as she loved conventions and what they allowed her and the girls to do.\line Mimicking fantasy characters, being free of everybody else standard just for one day. They all needed and craved this, and convention-day had never seemed so close and yet so far.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you Fel\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh?\u8221\'94 she turned to see her friends expectantly looking at her. Ah crap, she hadn\u8217\'92t listened, she had no clue what the conversation had been about. And knowing the others, it could have been anything. \u8220\'93Er\u8230\'85 I agree with Lucia?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They chuckled teasingly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone been in the clouds.\u8221\'94 Lucia commented \u8220\'93But no, the question was: if you could get magical abilities, which one you\u8217\'92d want? I picked flight. Child dream that is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lois and Julie mentioned their choices as well:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shape-shifting. Damn I wish.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Super sight or super speed\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 paused her cutting a moment as she thought about it, then shrugged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dunno\u8230\'85 fast healing? Like in the x-men\u8230\'85 But then, there is always a downside\u8230\'85 like turning into a zombie or ageing super fast in return\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She resumed the path of the knife on the cardboard, distracted as the debate continued on\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Magical power. They all wished for those at some point or other didn\u8217\'92t they. To have somethings nobody else had. Fel\u8217\'92 had her own period of jealousy when she met the other girls, when she was envious of them. Wasn\u8217\'92t it the same thing?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To have Lucia golden fingers and her piano talent, or Julie hands for drawing. To have Lois bravery and her determination. Or to have powers to be better than anyone else.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It took her years and her friends support to see she had things they did not, which were just as good. Like her singing voice, or her curiosity and logic. But the knowledge of now did nothing to erase the shame of then.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lost in those moody thoughts, she failed to see her own hand on the path of the knife.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She shrieked in surprise and pain, dropped the cutter and the cardboard alike as blood splashed around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fuckdamnit!\u8221\'94 holding her hand up, she saw from the corner of an eye the other three jumping to help, Lois pulling out a clean handkerchief from her bag as Julie pulled her hand to see.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, it\u8217\'92s not too bad. Doesn\u8217\'92t look deep. I think.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think?!\u8221\'94 maybe it was the pain but there was something very funny about this\u8230\'85 \u8220\'93I might need to sit down\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she slumped on the table again, just then realising she had stood up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She looked at the esoteric symbols from the cosplay parts, now covered in blood and completely impossible to use.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wasted hours of work\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she commented, but Lucia shushed her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Forget the work, you\u8217\'92re hurt, you dumbass.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 nodded then grinned}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mind you, it\u8217\'92s a realistic touch\u8230\'85 a warlock costume with real blood on it\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lois chuckled as she finished bandaging her hand very tight, and waited to see if blood was still running\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 when the kerchief just barely started to stain, she nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright you\u8217\'92re good. And yeah, realistic and creepy. Don\u8217\'92t want your blood on me all day long\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92d be summoning troubles with that, not demons\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey you never know!\u8221\'94 She still hurt, her hand was throbbing, but the accident was just that and her friends being here made Fel\u8217\'92 forget the pain easily and lean toward joking it off. It was always easier to laugh off the hurt. Picking up one of the pieces, she waved it around with a smirk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hear me forces of the world!\u8221\'94 she started, and the other three rolled their eyes at her antics. They also smiled, relieved to see her messing around and so she continued. \u8220\'93I, Felina, call upon thee now! Lend me your strength! Grant me power!\u8221\'94 she forced her voice into a theatrical howl and saw Julie start to snort as she tried not to laugh. \u8220\'93I sell you my soul, on my blood I swear, for power given in exchange!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Too vague, you could get tricked!\u8221\'94 Lois was snickering out loud now, commenting on her performance and Fel\u8217\'92 laughed. Too vague heh? Alright, she would narrow it down!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Power for me and me alone to use! Power unique only to me! Power no one else ever had, will ever have! Hear me! I take this Oath!\u8221\'94 she finished under loud laughs, her own as loud as the others. Her friends were in stitches around her and she joined them easily.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were ridiculous!\u8221\'94 Lucia commented, leaning on a nearby desk to get her breath back. \u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re that fine, then help us put everything away\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s getting too late to get much done and we\u8217\'92ll need to clean before we go. Don\u8217\'92t want to leave blood here, the school might ask questions\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah and Fel need to get home and get a real bandage on that cut.\u8221\'94 Lois added, looking pointedly at her friend, who held her hand up placatingly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, yes, I promise.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After that it was a flurry of cleaning up, picking all the scattered pieces of cosplay, locking them into the spare locker that they had, and fetching a mop and bucket from the cleaning cupboard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fifteen minutes later there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a trace of what they got up to, and after closing the cupboard, the group of friends headed off to the nearest bus station. Waving one another goodbye as they split up to go home, leaving Fel walking alone to the subway entrance close by\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t live the farthest out of all of them, but she still picked the metro as the quickest choice to get home\u8230\'85 Even if it was stuffy, smelly and full of stupid people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She felt some stares on the way, and was aware that not all of those were for her bandaged hand as she slipped it in her pocket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turned to glare at the crowd around her, the situation worsening as she left the train. The group of boys sitting nearby who had been ogling her ass whistled, and she resisted the urge to shiver still feeling the gazes of people around her. She hated the way they looked at her, hated the way the world worked, and most of all, hated this feeling of being\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 a prey. For lack of a better word.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She hurried out the station, not wanting to deal with it any longer than she really had to.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When she finally reached her flat she kicked off her shoes and walked to the bathroom to remove the kerchief, bandage her hand properly and disinfect the wound. She wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t watching the mirror, she was focused on her hand and she didn\u8217\'92t saw the trickle of gold that entered her flat through the open window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see the shadow crawling behind her, until it was touching her back. She didn\u8217\'92t see either of those thing as they touched her and seemed to vanish, absorbed in her body. She didn\u8217\'92t hear the ghostly faint whisper of a voice murmuring \u8220\'93We heard you little girl, we take the oath little girl. Be mine little girl.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She only felt a shiver, sudden and icy, running down her spine, making her spin around, looking wildly for an intruder that wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t there\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then she shrugged it off, chalking it on nerves, and returned to her everyday tasks\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 unaware\u8230\'85}}